Hi everybody, it is the source
for Friday, August 27th, 2004.
Good afternoon or good morning
good evening, wherever you are,
you're listening
to this, either you clicked on
link on the website or you might
subscribing to
it through RSS.
Thank you very much for
I've been thinking a lot about
we need to do with this show in
because I'm even getting pretty
of talking about myself.
And then last night it hit me as
was trying to get to sleep
I had to go to bed
early, only two more days,
and Tuesday, the last two days
the morning show.
And I was thinking that really
maybe at this audio blog or
show can be about,
maybe it can just be really for
and developers to bring them
I mean, I'm...
100% a user on all sides of the
equation.
I really like receiving stuff
I like making stuff,
sending it out as well.
And I think that so far we've
pretty successful at
bringing together a number of
to work on the
iPod platform and get stuff
And these may not even be
per se.
These could be just users who
a little more
knowledge and experience at
the computers do things
that they want them to do.
So I'm going to see if at all we
make this a
platform of its own for users
developers.
And if you have a comment,
you can leave a
comment on the web blog or send
an email
adamantcurry.com.
But maybe if you have something
contribute, you can
create your own audio blog post.
Send me a URL point to it and
pick it up.
And then maybe we can share some
your ideas or
questions or stuff that you're
for or things that we
need to make our computers do
how we can connect them all
through the internet.
And I made a very important
yesterday, although the
wiretap for Mac OS
10 had been pointed out to me a
of times by people in my quest
getting the right
audio software to record these
The interface really, I had
it, I think the interface just
me so
much. I didn't realize that it
exactly what I wanted to do,
record all the
audio that would normally come
of my speaker. I want that
digitally just by listening
to the core audio bits or
it is. And that's exactly what
does. I didn't
think it did because when I
at the preferences file and I
it's selected by default,
it says save files to and then
give it a place to save to and
it says
you can add prefix if you want,
can be the aim. And so when I
on the application
name it seemed only to want to
files.
save files with the application
that was at the front that was
So I figured well it only
one application at a time.
And then yesterday while I was
the source code, Cindy Camilleri
online on iChat
and since she doesn't come
when usually when I am because
are in different, she's
in New York and I'm in obviously
Belgium.
And I always have iChat saying
know, Skipper is here which is
nickname, Skipper.
And I heard the iChat alert that
was online while I was recording
I didn't think that
you'd hear it.
But then I listened back to the
show, yep sure enough it was
So I started experimenting and
it records everything.
So instead of a mixing console
in front of me, I basically have
my applications
open that I normally use to play
of audio or use in an audio show
this.
I have three quick time windows
the Rachmaninoff remix which is,
by default now become the tune
source code.
I have a song of the day all
up and also I have iTunes
by in case I think
of something I need to search
iTunes is great for that, just
your search
and immediately you get your
Okay, before I go on to with
about what source code could be
a little update
on iPodder, here's something
came in through my own iPodder,
least I'm using
the get enclosure.pearl script
this came in from, what was
blog digger
and this is from their their
RSS file and apparently some
guy has
written a book called blogs and
name is Don Alfonso and here is
audio
show that was out there on the
somewhere and I just want to
a
little bit of it because it's
of cool to hear Germans talk
web logs.
15.40, you can hear the exact
thing in Germany.
These texts are only available
the Internet.
The book is a special logbook
the reader.
It shows a new world and often
a radical point of view.
The book is about blogs.
The title of the book is also
in the beginning of September in
book of Schwarzkopf and
A book published by Don Alfonso
Kai...
What's the name again?
Don Alfonso?
Kai-Pal.
Exactly.
The book is about blogs.
16 webloggers write about text
form on the Internet and why
take over the Internet.
I love it.
Okay, so if you read German
a book called Blogs.
Blogs is out now in Germany.
Okay, so about the source code,
like to see this turn into some
of a platform
where users and developers can
about how we can work together
make our collective lives
I know one thing for sure that
of the...
users I know, if they are using
and they use it consistently or
there's a registration
fee.
Most everyone always says the
thing, hey, I want to pay my
and make sure people
get paid.
So I think there is a market
It's probably on a per user
small license fees, but there's
lot of software to be
made and if we can aggregate the
when it comes to per topic,
then
maybe we can get some economies
scale going like has happened
iPodder.
So the history real quick, I
this script, an Apple script
takes a list of
RSS feeds with MP3 enclosures,
those and contrary to popular
by the way,
it does check to see if the file
already been downloaded.
It doesn't download again unless
file has been removed because I
the curl
minus F switch.
It downloads them and then it
them to your iTunes, which if
have a
iPod automatically syncs up to
iPod and in iTunes it actually
a playlist which
is equal or equivalent to the
of the channel that or the RSS
that you're downloading.
It takes all that information
the RSS feed.
So a couple different versions
up.
We have a Pearl version which
actually using myself now and
is now a Windows
version and apparently there's
extra to install, no bits that
need.
So I'm going to just download
script and it's good to go.
It's made by Peter Overbeke and
pretty sure he's Dutch.
I haven't met him other than
I've linked to him today on my
blog.
It's opportunities.nl slash
and he even sent me a ping about
because he's
up to, he's done like three
now and it's really ready to be
So please give Peter's script a
because if we can get this
for Windows, and
by the way it works with the
the Windows version of iTunes.
If we can get this working, then
concept of an iPod platform,
all mp3 devices,
that can download stuff without
doing anything and just have
ready for you, I think
we're just on the verge of a
potential being unleashed here.
So again, if you could, and I've
to it on my web blog, check out
iPodder
for Windows and let's say get
feedback on how it's doing and
it's working and if it's
performing. And then of course,
next step, which is needed for
platforms, both for
Windows and the Mac, and for
and anything else that we can
that people have this desire,
is getting the shows, the mp3s
iTunes to non-ipod mp3 players.
I have a feeling
that's going to be a little bit
challenging. So just about at
end for today, yes, that was
really long time.
them. As I said, I'm trying to
these around 15 minutes, which
you know, just believing
in Andy Warhol's vision.
Today, 14 years ago, Patricia
to me and said, we need to get
child up. And
we knew that we were going to
a C-section way ahead of time
Christina was a
breach. And we went to the
and Dr. Ladosi was there and Dr.
the wife
Sony with an eye at the
St. Barnabas in New Jersey. And
said, okay,
you know, we're gonna have this
today. And it was around seven
and it was
a really great vibe in the
room. And as the doctor
picked
Christina up out of Patricia, it
just an amazing sight. On the
it
was Light FM was on and the
in my life started to play. And
was
something that we will never,
forget. Now, of course, it would
easy for me
to play.
the Beatles right now and we'd
have an emotional moment.
But since my daughter,
turns 14 today, I figure I'd
her since she does
share the bar slash recording
slash computer room with me.
I'd honor her by playing the
new song by her favorite band.
And of course, I need to remind
that you do have to vote for
for the viewers'
choice for the upcoming MTV
Music Awards, which I believe
next Wednesday.
They're all time favorite and
met these guys.
They are great, broke, bunch of
very, very talented.
Is Good Charlotte.
Check out their new one,
I'm still I don't know why
I'm not switchin'
I knew it all along
You're so predictable
I knew something would go wrong
It's all a way back
So you don't have to call
I'll say anything at all
You're so predictable
So take your red tip
It's your broken promises
And all the time you stole
Because I am done with this
I can give it away, give it away
I'm doing everything I should've
And now I'm making a change
I'm living to death
I'm giving back what you gave it
I don't need anything
I knew it all along
You're so predictable
I did something with you
I'm in the middle of a fight
I see you now, I have to go
I say anything at all
So free to bow
I'm in the middle of a fight
Everyone needs every time I
I'm so broken, I'm so cold
I'm so hurt inside, I'm so
I'm afraid of, I don't even know
The story's been running out of
I'm searching for a way
I'm dreaming you won't come back
I want you in my story
I'm ready to come and fight
I knew it all along, you're so
to phone I knew something would
wrong, and I'm fine
You don't have to call, I'll say
at all, so pretty to phone
Good Charlotte, predictable.
And believe me, I am just
for as long as possible the fact
my daughter
and I actually like a lot of the
music.
So that's their new one.
And be on the lookout for the
Right.
Okay, that's it for the source
for today.
Just within my 15 minute time
weekend coming up.
And then two more shows Monday
Tuesday, got a big party.
And then my new life starts.
And I can get to, well, the one
I want to start doing is having
source code up
and available every morning
preferably before 8 o'clock East
time in the United
States.
All right, well, have yourselves
great weekend.
Hopefully you'll check out the
this Saturday and Sunday.
If not, talk to you on Monday
have a good one.
Bye-bye.
The power of your intelligence.